#-*-coding:utf-8-*-
# Analysis of South Korean Journalism Framing on COVID-19 and 21st South Korea General Election:
## LDA Topic Model and Semantic Network Analysis Leveraging

The goal is to find and determine which framings were used by Korean mass media on the COVID-19 pandemic crisis and the 21st South Korea General Election. The suggested method is using machine learning to extract frames from both issues and compare the similarity to assess whether the Korean mass media was misleading the nature of the matter with Ideology Journalism. 
The acquired news contents, related to the COVID-19 pandemic crisis are 173,551 articles, and related to the 21st Korean general election are 77,033 articles and it from the BIG KINDS, the big data analysis service provided by the Korea Press Foundation. 
The entire process of extract frames was implemented with Python programming. Does not predict a specific news schema, and focused on the interpretation of the thematic-centered narrative structure, elicited meaningful results. 
In conclusion, the truthness of Korean mass media is out of the question in this study. Consequently, the morphological frame did not undermine the essence of the issue, and the main thematic elements were also appropriate, so a universally valid frame was used. 
First, using the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) topic model and semantic network, the subject driftwood of each issue was extracted, and frames were derived, and the frames of the two issues could be compared. 
Second, the COVID-19 pandemic crisis was able to divide the spread of the situation related to the cause of the crisis and countermeasures by the government and related organizations into the mainframes. 
Third, in the 21st Korean general election held at the same duration, typical election reporting frames observed in previous studies were extracted. In particular, the countermeasures for the COVID-19 pandemic crisis, which was the biggest concern of voters, were extracted as the main topic. In addition to several remarkable results were obtained through this study. First, the keyword “Economy”, which has emerged centrally in the two issues, showed the direction of the current standard of social value in Korea. Hegemony in the 21st Korean general election can be broadly divided into responses and countermeasures for the corona crisis, but in essence, it is an immediate and transitional countermeasure against the corona crisis. And mid-to-long-term countermeasures, that is, the elimination of uncertainties across politics, economy, and society, and the presentation of a new alternative order system and value standards in preparation for the post-COVID-19 era are considered to have been an issue. The frame in the corona crisis converged to economic measures from a macroscopic perspective, but the 21st general election of the Republic of Korea resulted in a frame focused on the economic crisis situation from a more macroscopic perspective. The anxiety caused by the shift of the political/economic paradigm and the demand for a response to it emerged, and the situation more closely related to the real economy, such as “welfare,” “income,” and “house price,” was dealt with. Second, the neoliberal order aimed at the globalization of capital was shaken due to serious damage to the global supply chain that occurred from the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak, and the paradigm shift of political and economic policy and the response of economic hegemonic countries emerged.